Yes, I spent a lot of money to buy enemy intelligence
He also won the favor of the Daxia female coach for him
Only I am worthy of the General's wife
Enemy at this moment
Daughter of the Ancients
You've never even seen your handsome face
It's like a ray of light.
I gave the enemy information
He's a loser who hates no champion
It's really far-fetched, it's all me
What is your identity as an enemy sword?
It also deserves the credit of this lady
Who am I?
I just need one sentence
You can make your Su family cut all over the house
It's just arrogant and ignorant
Enough, scumbag
You have very incomplete
Dare to disrespect my wife
Believe me or not
Let you be in the building where no one is silent
Kneel down and apologize to Xiaolan
I would like to be you
It seems that before you die
I have to perform another addition
Tell you what a woman is
My name is respectful father
I want to fight my conscience
He's just a bitch
This is your conscience
Go to haina
Bad woman who bullies her mother
I'll kill you for touching something like this.
Maybe it's itchy.